In the STEM career, your working environment can change so much. So, when
I was in the military, as an Electrician's Mate, I had different
watches that I would go to. So, I could be sitting in a chair, with
a little handle twisting and left and right, so that there can be more
steam, so that the ship can go faster or slower and you do that
for six hours in this nice air-conditioned room. The mechanics outside
of the little station that I was at, they're on the hot deck with
steam rushing by them, so it's really really sweaty and kind of greasy
and they do that for six hours and they just go around walking,
looking at gauges, checking oil pressure, cleaning up whenever it needs
to happen and running around left and right, you know, picking up
phones. So, they have almost the opposite situation that I was in.
I was in a nice conditioned area, you know, sitting in a chair for
six hours, they're standing up, walking up and down the stairs, doing
this job. That was the military life and obviously it can range, you
know, there are cooks that are behind the stove all day, flipping
burgers like they're in McDonald's, there is the watch station supervisor
who's running on three decks in two different plants, sometimes
going up four flights of stairs just to make sure that everybody's
doing the job that they're supposed to be doing and there's the Boatswain's
Mate, who is turning the ship left and right, who has really
high-level people, maybe he's talking to the commanding officer,
talking to the executive officer with, like, three people behind him
and, you know, it's very very, like, has to be very strict and, you
know, says things, you know, the right thing at the right time so that
the ship doesn't crash into another ship. So, depends on your job
obviously, your living conditions. As a computer scientist, my job
has ranged from working as a residential  consultant, going
from building to building, house to house, talking with different
students about how their operating system works or how to make it work
better or remove viruses or something. Also, at my job at the University
of Southern California I was working as a QA inspector, a QA
analyst, who would just kind of sit in the same seat, with his laptop,
kind of, just not going anywhere, except to get a Snickers or something
like that. My job has been varied throughout my career.